README.md, before:

# Jupiter Terminal

Jupiter Terminal is an open-sourced, lite version of Jupiter that provides end-to-end swap flow by linking it in your HTML.

Demo: https://terminal.jup.ag

---

## Core features

- Built-in wallets, or passthrough wallets from your dApp
- Modal, Integrated, or Widget mode.
- Mode (default, outputOnly) to allow user to swap between any token pair, or only swap to destination pair.
- Fee supports
---

## Getting started

### Integrating the widget

In your document, link and embed `main.js` and `main.css`.

```tsx
<head>
  <script src={`https://terminal.jup.ag/main.js`}></script>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href={`https://terminal.jup.ag/main.css`} />
</head>
```
Then, 
```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({ mode: 'default', endpoint: "https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com",});
```

--- 


## Built-in wallets, or passthrough wallets from your dApp
*_Mode 1: Wallet passthrough_*

If your user have connected their wallet via your dApp, you may passthrough the wallet instance via the `init({ passThroughWallet: wallet })`.

```jsx
const App = () => {
  const { wallet } = useWallet();

  const initJupiter = () => {
    if (wallet) {
      window.Jupiter.init({
        mode: 'default',
        endpoint,
        passThroughWallet: wallet,
      });
    }
  };
};
```

*_Mode 2: Built-in wallet_*

If your user is not connected, Jupiter Terminal have several built-in wallets that user can connect and perform swap directly.

---

### Modal, Integrated, or Widget mode.
### *_Modal_*

By default, Jupiter renders as a modal and take up the whole screen.
<img src="public/demo/modal-demo.png" />

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({ displayMode: 'modal' });
```

### *_Integrated_*

Integrated mode renders Jupiter Terminal as a part of your dApp.
<img src="public/demo/integrated-demo.png" />

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({ displayMode: 'integrated' });
```

### *_Widget_*
<img src="public/demo/widget-demo.png" />
Widget mode renders Jupiter Terminal as a widget that can be placed at different position.

```tsx

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({ 
  displayMode: 'widget',
  widgetPosition: 'bottom-right', // 'bottom-left', 'top-right', 'top-left'
});
```

---

### Mode
- `default`: Default mode, user can swap between any token pair.
- `outputOnly`: Output only mode, user can only swap to destination pair.
```ts
  window.Jupiter.init({
    mode: 'outputOnly',
    mint: 'So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112',
    endpoint: "https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com",
    passThroughWallet: wallet,
  });
```

---

### Resuming / Closing activity
- Everytime `init()` is called, it will create a new activity. 

- If you want to resume the previous activity, you can use `resume()`.

- `close()` function only hide the widget.

```tsx
if (window.Jupiter._instance) {
  window.Jupiter.resume();
}

window.Jupiter.close();
```

---
### Fee supports
Similar to Jupiter, Jupiter Terminal supports fee for integrators.

There are no protocol fees on Jupiter, but integrators can introduce a platform fee on swaps. The platform fee is provided in basis points, e.g. 20 bps for 0.2% of the token output.


Refer to [Adding your own fees](https://docs.jup.ag/integrating-jupiter/additional-guides/adding-your-own-fees) docs for more details.

*Note: You will need to create the Token fee accounts to collect the platform fee.*

```tsx
import { getPlatformFeeAccounts } from '@jup-ag/core';

// Jupiter Core provides a helper function that returns all your feeAccounts
const platformFeeAndAccounts = {
  feeBps: 50,
  feeAccounts: await getPlatformFeeAccounts(
    connection,
    new PublicKey('BUX7s2ef2htTGb2KKoPHWkmzxPj4nTWMWRgs5CSbQxf9') // The platform fee account owner
  ) // map of mint to token account pubkey
}

window.Jupiter.init({
  // ...
  platformFeeAndAccounts,
});
```
---

### onSuccess/onSwapError callback
`onSuccess()` reference can be provided, and will be called when swap is successful.

While `onSwapError()` will be called when an error has occurred.

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({
  onSuccess: ({ txid }) => {
    console.log('onSuccess', txid);
  }
  onSwapError: ({ error }) => {
    console.log('onSwapError', error);
  },
});
```

### Customising styles: CSSProperties
Any CSS-in-JS can be injected to the outer-most container via containerStyles api.

Examples:
- Custom zIndex

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({
  // ...
  containerStyles: { zIndex: 100 },
});
```

- Custom height
```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({
  // ...
  containerStyles: { maxHeight: '90vh', },
});
```

### Customising className: Tailwind className
Tailwind classes can be injected to the outer-most container via containerClassName api.

Example:
- Custom breakpoints

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({
  // ...
  containerClassName: 'max-h-[90vh] lg:max-h-[600px]'
});
```

---

### Known issue

- Wallet passthrough supports does not work for Solflare
  - Jupiter Terminal currently prompts the user to connect their Solflare wallet again, to perform swap.

Commit message:

Support preloading republish 0.1.7 with preloading support

README.md, after:

# Jupiter Terminal

Jupiter Terminal is an open-sourced, lite version of Jupiter that provides end-to-end swap flow by linking it in your HTML.

Demo: https://terminal.jup.ag

---

## Core features

- `main.js` bundle ~66kb gzipped
  - app bundle (~900Kb) are loaded on-demand when `init()` is called
  - alternatively, preload app bundle with `data-preload` attributes
- Built-in wallets, or passthrough wallets from your dApp
- Modal, Integrated, or Widget mode.
- Mode (default, outputOnly) to allow user to swap between any token pair, or only swap to destination pair.
- Fee supports
---

## Getting started

### Integrating the widget

In your document, link and embed `main.js`.

```tsx
<script src="https://terminal.jup.ag/main.js" data-preload />
```
### Preloading Terminal 
Assign the attribute `data-preload` to the script tag, the full application will be preloaded on your browser's `(document.readyState === "complete")` event.
```tsx
<script src="https://terminal.jup.ag/main.js" data-preload />
```

Then, 
```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({ mode: 'default', endpoint: "https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com",});
```

--- 


## Built-in wallets, or passthrough wallets from your dApp
*_Mode 1: Wallet passthrough_*

If your user have connected their wallet via your dApp, you may passthrough the wallet instance via the `init({ passThroughWallet: wallet })`.

```jsx
const App = () => {
  const { wallet } = useWallet();

  const initJupiter = () => {
    if (wallet) {
      window.Jupiter.init({
        mode: 'default',
        endpoint,
        passThroughWallet: wallet,
      });
    }
  };
};
```

*_Mode 2: Built-in wallet_*

If your user is not connected, Jupiter Terminal have several built-in wallets that user can connect and perform swap directly.

---

### Modal, Integrated, or Widget mode.
### *_Modal_*

By default, Jupiter renders as a modal and take up the whole screen.
<img src="public/demo/modal-demo.png" />

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({ displayMode: 'modal' });
```

### *_Integrated_*

Integrated mode renders Jupiter Terminal as a part of your dApp.
<img src="public/demo/integrated-demo.png" />

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({ displayMode: 'integrated' });
```

### *_Widget_*
<img src="public/demo/widget-demo.png" />
Widget mode renders Jupiter Terminal as a widget that can be placed at different position.

```tsx

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({ 
  displayMode: 'widget',
  widgetPosition: 'bottom-right', // 'bottom-left', 'top-right', 'top-left'
});
```

---

### Mode
- `default`: Default mode, user can swap between any token pair.
- `outputOnly`: Output only mode, user can only swap to destination pair.
```ts
  window.Jupiter.init({
    mode: 'outputOnly',
    mint: 'So11111111111111111111111111111111111111112',
    endpoint: "https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com",
    passThroughWallet: wallet,
  });
```

---

### Resuming / Closing activity
- Everytime `init()` is called, it will create a new activity. 

- If you want to resume the previous activity, you can use `resume()`.

- `close()` function only hide the widget.

```tsx
if (window.Jupiter._instance) {
  window.Jupiter.resume();
}

window.Jupiter.close();
```

---
### Fee supports
Similar to Jupiter, Jupiter Terminal supports fee for integrators.

There are no protocol fees on Jupiter, but integrators can introduce a platform fee on swaps. The platform fee is provided in basis points, e.g. 20 bps for 0.2% of the token output.


Refer to [Adding your own fees](https://docs.jup.ag/integrating-jupiter/additional-guides/adding-your-own-fees) docs for more details.

*Note: You will need to create the Token fee accounts to collect the platform fee.*

```tsx
import { getPlatformFeeAccounts } from '@jup-ag/core';

// Jupiter Core provides a helper function that returns all your feeAccounts
const platformFeeAndAccounts = {
  feeBps: 50,
  feeAccounts: await getPlatformFeeAccounts(
    connection,
    new PublicKey('BUX7s2ef2htTGb2KKoPHWkmzxPj4nTWMWRgs5CSbQxf9') // The platform fee account owner
  ) // map of mint to token account pubkey
}

window.Jupiter.init({
  // ...
  platformFeeAndAccounts,
});
```
---

### onSuccess/onSwapError callback
`onSuccess()` reference can be provided, and will be called when swap is successful.

While `onSwapError()` will be called when an error has occurred.

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({
  onSuccess: ({ txid }) => {
    console.log('onSuccess', txid);
  }
  onSwapError: ({ error }) => {
    console.log('onSwapError', error);
  },
});
```

### Customising styles: CSSProperties
Any CSS-in-JS can be injected to the outer-most container via containerStyles api.

Examples:
- Custom zIndex

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({
  // ...
  containerStyles: { zIndex: 100 },
});
```

- Custom height
```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({
  // ...
  containerStyles: { maxHeight: '90vh', },
});
```

### Customising className: Tailwind className
Tailwind classes can be injected to the outer-most container via containerClassName api.

Example:
- Custom breakpoints

```tsx
window.Jupiter.init({
  // ...
  containerClassName: 'max-h-[90vh] lg:max-h-[600px]'
});
```

---

### Known issue

- Wallet passthrough supports does not work for Solflare
  - Jupiter Terminal currently prompts the user to connect their Solflare wallet again, to perform swap.
